feat: add removeAllMessages function in react nc (#3643)
novuhq/novu: docs/docs/notification-center/react/api-reference.md

| markAllNotificationsAsRead     | function                                                    | The function allowing you to mark all notifications as read.                                                                  |
| markAllNotificationsAsSeen     | function                                                    | The function allowing you to mark notifications as seen.                                                                      |
| removeMessage                  | function                                                    | The function allowing you to delete a notification.                                                                           |

> | removeAllMessages              | function                                                    | The function allowing you to delete all feeds notifications or specific feed's all notification at once.                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| removeAllMessages              | function                                                    | The function allowing you to delete all notifications or a specific feed's notifications at once.                      |
```
